Testing, one, two, three. Testing, yes. It's
working. No problem. Just say that I think you were
closing by saying that I don't see any reference to
the Louisiana-Missouri plant in current
gasification papers. And I
don't think that the present investigators are
not aware of the Louisiana plant. But it may be that
there's just been nothing published on it that I
know. I don't know. As far as I know, there's been no
I haven't seen any data from the Louisiana plant.
And what McGee and Cattell would know this better
than I, I don't think there's been a paper on the
gasification part of the plant. I know there's
only one on that purification. I don't know
whether anything has been published on the
Burgess. I mean, in the public literature, not
government interim reports or that sort of thing.
I don't know. Do you think they were on the right
track? Oh, I do. I do.
There's renewed interest now in Fisher Tropes.
ERDA has several contracts out, looking at Fisher
Tropes, and one is with Exxon.
I think that
But it was a rough approach. Let me just step back
one step. Did you have any dealing with the German
scientists who were brought to Louisiana,
Missouri? The only thing I can recall, really, is
having met them when they were here in Morgantown,
and having our pictures taken. I don't know
whether they'd be around for a while. And I can only
recall three of them. I don't know how many there
were. We got five or six, I would imagine. You
mentioned a Dr. Opelt. Hoobman. And Hoobman. And
Donoff. And Donoff. Did you get any other names?
Let's see. We have...
Oh, I haven't got them here. We have a list of the
seven signs. Oh, but there's seven? Yes. Because
we have a list of the Bureau of Managed Reports for
the seven signs. Yes.
O-P-B-E-L-T-H-U-B-M-A-N-N-D-O-N-A-T-H.
But of course, if the purification wasn't based
upon the German process, you wouldn't have had too
much interaction with the Germans. No. But I think
that those men probably were more of gasification
and hydrogenation and not as much involved in
purification. I don't know whether Dr. Ruppelt's
around now, but I think he'd have been with Babcock
and Wilcox at one time. And you developed a process
that would purify 5,000 cubic feet? Yeah, a small
pilot plant.
That was before we had the station out here in
Coventry River. It was really a Gerger
purification design. In fact, Gerger
constructed it for us. Did you use any German
vessels or pumps or anything like that? No, it was
all manufactured here. In fact, at that time, you
had to have a very good justification if you
purchased any foreign equipment for use in
government work. Even as far as the
instrumentation like the analytical
instrumentation such as x-ray diffraction or
infrared or ultraviolet, you had to have a very
strong justification if you wanted to buy it from
overseas. I think that's used at some point now. So
in your opinion, it really wouldn't stand to
reason for someone to undertake these same
efforts again to experiments to start
experimenting with gas purification when in fact
it has been successfully accomplished
the only area that i think there can be improvement
would be in the liquid absorbent for removing
hydrogen sulfide if you can get a greater sort of
that has a greater capacity Although I think the
bent-fill process is probably going to be very
hard to beat since its absorption and
regeneration
take place at pretty much the same temperature, so
you don't have much cooling of the liquid when you
regenerate it. You don't use as much steam to
regenerate it.
Well, I'm not too familiar with the Stretford
process. McGee would be on that. That would be an
improvement, I'm sure, over the old cost process
for producing sulfur from hydrogen sulfide. That
would be an operation at the StenPay plant in
Brewston, so we can actually get data from that.